1. 
    The logic of my program goes as follows:
    The boat starts off in the empty state.
    Cannabals and Missionaries arrive and increment the number waiting res.
    They then wait to board the boat.
    When the 3 Missionaries, 3 Cannabals, or 3M and 2C are waiting they change
    the state of the boat to ready. 
    This tells the boat to kick off the loading process, it select the 
    passengers and signals the condition the Missionaries and Cannabals are
    waiting on.
    They will then have control of the monitor, they board the boat and
    increase a counter of passengers aboard the boat. They then wait for the 
    boat to arrive. If the last passenger is boarding, it tells sets the boat 
    state to loaded. The boat will then see its loaded and go to its
    destination, it will the signal the passengers to get off.
    The last passenger to get off sets the boat state to empty. 
    The boat will then check if its empty and there is people waiting or
    if the boat is ready.

2.
    My program works by always checking if the boat can be loaded, if it can
    this means there are people waiting and can board it.

3.
    These are my variables and inital values.

    Monitor("boat-monitor", HOARE),
    - Monitor to control the program, Initalized to HOARE
    numberOfTrips(numberOfTrips),
    - This holds the max number of trips to take, it is initalized to the 
      default or the user provided
    currentTrip(0),
    - This hold the current trip the boat is on, it is used for printing and
        telling the boat when to stop taking trips.
    cannibalsWaiting(0),
    - This is the counter of Cannabals that are waiting to board the boat.
     It is initalized to 0 because the queue starts with noone.
    missionariesWaiting(0),
    - This is the counter of Missionaries that are waiting to board the boat.
     It is initalized to 0 because the queue starts with noone.
    passengersOnBoat(0),
    - This holds the current number of people on the boat, it is used to pass
        as a condition to set the state of the boat. There are 0 people on the
        the boat at the start.
    boatState(EMPTY),
    - This holds the state that the boat is in, it starts empty
    MissionaryQueue(new Condition("MissionaryQueue")),
    - This is the condition that Missionaries wait on to board the boat.
    CannibalQueue(new Condition("CannibalQueue")),
    - This is the condition that Cannabals wait on to board the boat.
    ExitBoat(new Condition("ExitBoat"))
    - This is the condition that passengers wait on to exit the boat.

4.
    Yes, the boat only loads when there are 3 Missionaries, 3 Cannabals
    or 2 Missionaries and 1 Cannabals waiting. Then is signals excatly those
    who would be safe to board.

5. 
    For assembling a boat I check if there are 3 Missionaries waiting, 
    if their are, I check if there are at least 1 Cannabals waiting, if there
    is I check if a random number is odd or even. If its even it will board
    the three Missionaries.
    If the top fails, then I check if there are 3 cannibals waiting, if there
    is I check if there are no Missionaries waiting. If there is, I will 
    check if a random number is odd or even.
    If both of the above fails, that means we have at least 2 missionaries 
    and 1 cannibals waiting. I then select them.

    I randomize the choosing to prevent a queue of missionaries from 
    always being loaded over the cannibals.

6.
    1.
        No one can get off the boat because the boat triggers when passengers
        can get off, all passengers are waiting on boatDone, which is only
        called when the boat crosses.
    2.
        No one can jump on the boat when it is crossing becase passengers can
        only board when the boat is in the boatReady function, if the boat is
        crossing it has already left this function and cannot reenter until 
        the last passenger tells the boat that its empty.
    3.
        We cant have any rogue passengers because all the people waiting to
        board the boat are waiting on a condition. And only those who have
        been selected can board the boat. If a passenger entered the boat who
        was not called, then the condition signal called more that one person.
    4.
        A person on the boat is blocked by the condition exitBoat, for them to
        register again, they would have had to exit the boat, which can 
        only happen when the boat has arrived and signaled them to exit.
        
