1.
    I have a semaphore at the beginning of the AskQuestion function, it only
    allows 3 elves in. After an elf enters, it increments a counter. When an 
    elf exits, it decrements the counter. When the last elf leaves, it
    signals for the next three elves to enter.

2.
    I created two semaphores to assure this, ElfHasQuesiton for when the
    question needs to be answered. Each elf will wait here until santa
    answers their specific question. When santa answeres he will signal
    ElfHasQuestion to allow the elf to continue. Right after, I have
    another semaphore ElfsQuestionAnswered that the elves have to wait on.
    Santa only signals ElfsQuestionAnswered after all the questions have
    been answered. This prevents elves from leaving until all questions
    have been answered.

3.
    For each elf that has a question, they call AskQuestion. The first thing
    they elf does is call Elf->Wait, the Elf semaphore is initalized to 3. 
    This means that only three elfs at a time can enter to ask santa a 
    question. After three elves enter, it prevents any others from 
    entering until the other three have left.
    This assures that any elf not currently waiting for their question
    to be answered or waiting to leave can enter to ask a question. This
    prevents elves from cutting.

4.
    I have a counter called elfCounter, this keeps track of the number
    of elves waiting to have their questions answered. When the last
    elf enters to have its question answered (3 elves) it will see that
    the counter equals three and wakes up santa. Santa is blocked on
    Sleeping->Wait if he wakes up, then this means 2 things. The 
    Reindeer are ready or the elves have questions. If the reindeer
    are not ready, then he answers the questions. Because Santa is
    blocked on the Sleeping->wait he cannot answer questions unless 
    Sleeping->signal is called.

5.
    I have a reinderCounter that is protected by a mutex. When a reindeer
    comes back, it increments this counter. After incrementing, the 
    reindeer will check to see if the counter equals the total number of
    reindder. If it does, then all reindeer are back and it is the last one.
    The reindeer with then wake up santa. 

6.
    When santa wake up, this is because the reindeer woke him up and/or
    the elves have questions. The first thing santa does is to see if all
    reindeer have came back from vacation. If so, then this means the reindeer
    woke him up. Otherwise if all reindeer anr not back, then the elves asked
    a question.

7.
    When the sleigh it ready, all reindeer call flyoff. This tells all the
    reindeer to attach themselves to the sleigh. Santa is waiting for all
    reindeer to signal that they are attached. After, all reindeer wait
    until they are done flying. When the toys are delievered, santa will 
    signal to all the reindeer that they are done flying. This tells the 
    reindeer to unattach themselves from the sleigh. Each reindeer
    signal that they have unattached themselves. They can then go on
    vacation. Because the reindeer must wait for santa to say they are
    done flying before unattaching themselves it prevents the reindeer
    from sneaking off.

8.
    Because santa is flying with the reindeer, he is not sleeping. When the
    last elf tries to wake up santa, he will not be avaible. Meaning that
    the three elves will wait on ElfHasQuesiton. By being stuck here, it means
    that additional elves cannot enter to ask santa a question. Once santa is
    back, he will see that the elves need help and answer their questions.